this would be a great reference for my
thesis paper on cubism here's a negative
space I know this great dance club under
the Taj Mahal bunch of guys and dance
masks I'll drag Ricardo an hour along
sometimes what God who loves the dance
oh not so much yeah I've seen that guy
before cats go into his house but I
don't see cats come out of his house
what goes through your head when you
swim Haru Sam body once told me you
could start by running up the temple
staircase into the crypt grab the book
from the skeletons and pass into the pit
of the pendulum what up track back crank
back you run track and I like seeing you
I get it
he wasn't into it did you invite him in
that weird dance club where all those
guys were in gas masks no maybe yes shut
up I like that Club we know Haru I
recommend Manuel eject just do like a
bunch I like like sirens like don't do
those don't do those that's stupid well
don't do this mate don't do the noises
that I just made but do them with like
real sound effects don't you splice in
me making a bunch of like distress
signal noises in Haris head that joke
sucks the first part of it's funny that
I don't know I'm pretty busy that day
I've got Ultimate Frisbee
then I've got frisbee golf then frisbee
soccer then discus which is Greek for
frisbee so I don't think I have time
hey Alex what's going on buddy
here is my life slightly hey guys what's
going on oh my god I'm done I'm so done
how was that was that awesome
Alex was that awesome Erin Erin thought
it was amazing yeah we think you're
amazing
this is the sound of me pooping